# Narratives at Conflict: Computational Analysis of News Framing in Multilingual Disinformation Campaigns

The code for Master's Thesis "Narratives at Conflict: Computational Analysis of News Framing in Multilingual Disinformation Campaigns".
The main code for the analysis is hosted in Colab Notebooks, linked to this repository. In case of discrepancies in the code, the Colab version is be preffered.

## Abstract

Recent years have seen a rising interest in disinformation campaigns, with their ever more nuanced and covert approaches to targeting audiences domestically and abroad. In this work, we draw on the study of framing, grounded in political and communication science, and evaluate the most prominent methods with which salient topics can be identified in a multilingual context. To discover the most competent approach, we compare their performance on a newly collected dataset of Russia-backed disinformation articles, spanning 8k news articles in 4 languages spread across more than 150 news domains targeting 15 countries. Analyzing this new body of articles, we conclude that disinformation campaigns consistently and intentionally favor some narratives over others, depending on the target audience's language. We further discover how articles spread in the Russian language highlight specific frames at the exclusion of others depending on the region of the media outlet. This study contributes to establishing the most accurate method in multilingual frame identification by exposing the performance of the current approaches in a new linguistic context. This is the first study that evaluates the methods for identifying framing in Russian, French, Spanish, and Italian simultaneously and compares the results on a language-to-language basis with multilingual articles about the same event. With the combination of performance results and uncovered frames in Russian disinformation campaigns, we hope to contribute to the research that introduces innovative approaches to detecting frames in languages other than English and outside the context of everyday news. 

